Miss
This dress suits you very well. Would you like to try it on?
Give me that one
You have a good eye.
That's the treasure of our town store
Down I didn't expect you to nominate grandma stomp your feet
This time we have to buy some clothes well.
The sun will be shining
What do you mean you didn't expect?
Do you think I can't get Albert to speak?
That's not what I meant.
If you can't speak, don't say it
Hello, you are Miss Jiang.
Miss Jiang, I like listening to your songs very much.
Are you being sarcastic? I'm not.
Yurou has been replaced recently because she was dismantled.
So maybe a little bit emotionally
I understand.
But recently, Miss Jia also nominated Albert
Best in Show?
Hope he gets an award.
Do you have this skirt in white?
Sorry, Miss Jiang.
There is only one piece of this white style.
It's another lady trying it on
Do you know who I am?
Let him take it off and give it to me right away